Update DM 2.0 related doc (#3757) (#3771)
pingcap/docs: tidb-troubleshooting-map.md

- 3.3.3 Mitigation

    - For v3.0 and later versions, use the `SQL Bind` feature to bind the execution plan.

>     - Update the statistics. If you are roughly sure that the problem is caused by the statistics, [dump the statistics](/statistics.md#export-statistics). If the cause is outdated statistics, such as the `modify count/row count` in `show stats_meta` is greater than a certain value (e.g. 0.3), or the table has an index of time column, you can try recovering by using `analyze table`. If `auto analyze` is configured, check whether the `tidb_auto_analyze_ratio` system variable is too large (e.g. > 0.3), and whether the current time is between `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Update the statistics. If you are roughly sure that the problem is caused by the statistics, [dump the statistics](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/statistics#export-statistics). If the cause is outdated statistics, such as the `modify count/row count` in `show stats_meta` is greater than a certain value (e.g. 0.3), or the table has an index of time column, you can try recovering by using `analyze table`. If `auto analyze` is configured, check whether the `tidb_auto_analyze_ratio` system variable is too large (e.g. > 0.3), and whether the current time is between `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time`.
```

- 6.1.8 Pump reports the `fail to notify all living drainer` error when it is started.

    - Cause: When Pump is started, it notifies all Drainer nodes that are in the `online` state. If it fails to notify Drainer, this error log is printed.

>     - Solution: Use the binlogctl tool to check whether each Drainer node is normal or not. This is to ensure that all Drainer nodes in the `online` state are working normally. If the state of a Drainer node is not consistent with its actual working status, use the binlogctl tool to change its state and then restart Pump. See the case [fail-to-notify-all-living-drainer](/tidb-binlog/handle-tidb-binlog-errors.md#fail-to-notify-all-living-drainer-is-returned-when-pump-is-started).

Reviewer: Relative path is only for documents of the same repository. Since the referenced document is in the docs repository, we should use an absolute path that starts with https:
```suggestion
    - Solution: Use the binlogctl tool to check whether each Drainer node is normal or not. This is to ensure that all Drainer nodes in the `online` state are working normally. If the state of a Drainer node is not consistent with its actual working status, use the binlogctl tool to change its state and then restart Pump. See the case [fail-to-notify-all-living-drainer](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/handle-tidb-binlog-errors).
```
